Edits up to Orderer considerations (#4022)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/performance.md

### Network connectivity

A Hyperledger Fabric network is highly-distributed across multiple nodes and is typically hosted on multiple clusters, in different cloud environments, and even across legal and geographic boundaries. Therefore, high-speed network connectivity between nodes is vital, and a minimum of 1 Gbps should be deployed between all nodes and organizations.

### CPU and memory

The final hardware consideration is the amount of CPU and Memory to allocate to peer and ordering service nodes, and for any CouchDB state databases used for peer nodes. These allocations affect network performance and even node stability, so you must continuously monitor CPU, Memory, Disk Space, and Disk and Network I/O to ensure that you are well within the limits of your allocated resources. Do not wait to approach maximum utilization before increasing node resources - a threshold of  70%-80% usage is a general guideline for maximum workload.

Network performance generally scales with CPU allocated to peer nodes, so providing each peer (and CouchDB if used) with the maximum CPU capacity is recommended. For orderer nodes, a general guideline is 1 CPU with 2 GB of Memory.

> As the amount of state data grows, database storage performance can slow down, especially when using CouchDB as the state database. Therefore, you should plan to add  compute resources to your environment over time, while continuously monitoring your network components and adjusting to any thresholds being exceeded.

Reviewer: `you should plan to add compute resources` I think should say `you should plan to add more compute resources`

Author: ok

### Number of channels per peer

If a peer has ample CPU and is participating in only one channel, it is not possible to drive the peer beyond 65-70% CPU because of how the peer does serialization and locking internally. If a peer is participating in multiple channels, the peer will consume the available resource as it increases parallelism in block processing.

In general, ensure that there is a CPU core available for each channel that is running at maximum load. As a general guideline, if the load in each channel is not highly-correlated (i.e., channels are not all contending for resources simultaneously), the number of channels can exceed the number of CPU cores.

### Total query limit

> A peer limits the total number of records a range or JSON (rich) query will return, in order to avoid runaway situations. This limit is configured in the peer's **core.yaml** file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A peer limits the total number of records a range or JSON (rich) query will return, in order to avoid larger than expected result sets that could slow down a peer. This limit is configured in the peer's **core.yaml** file:
```

That's my attempt to replace 'runaway situations'... feel free to edit further...

            gatewayService: 500
```

> The Peer Gateway Service, first released in v2.4 of Hyperledger Fabric, introduced the `gatewayService` limit with a default of 500. However, this default can restrict network TPS, so you may need to increase this value to allow more concurrent requests. The maximum suggested limit is 20000 concurrent requests.

Reviewer: `The maximum suggested limit is 20000 concurrent requests`. This is not a suggested limit. Actually it links to some performance results which are now not part of the overall document. I think we should now remove this sentence

Author: ok
